Concept Edit: JavaScript Dynamic Typing (#1344)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/variables/variables.md

---
Title: 'Variables'
Description: The text about assigning variables and dynamic typing in JavaScript. 
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Variables'
  - 'Data Types'

>   - 'Dynamic typing'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

let weight;
const numberOfFingers = 20;
```

> ## Dynamic typing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dynamic Typing
```

> Unlike many programming languages, JavaScript doesn't force the user to specify a variable's [data type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/data-types). It assumes the data type based on the value. The example below assigns a string to a variable by enclosing some numbers in single quotation marks. Without them, JavaScript reads the value as a number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike many programming languages, JavaScript doesn't require the user to specify a variable's [data type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/data-types). It assumes the data type based on the value. The example below assigns a string to a variable by enclosing some numbers in single quotation marks. Without them, JavaScript reads the value as a number.
```

> Unlike many programming languages, JavaScript doesn't force the user to specify a variable's data type. It assumes the data type based on the way a user assigns a value. For example, the example below assigns a string to a variable by putting the text between quotation marks. Without them, JavaScript reads it as a number. This is why it's considered to be a dynamically-typed language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike many programming languages, JavaScript doesn't force the user to specify a variable's [data type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/data-types). It assumes the data type based on the value. The example below assigns a string to a variable by enclosing some numbers in single quotation marks. Without them, JavaScript reads the value as a number.
```
